One of the outstanding highlights of the 2014 service here in the central Europe branch
and by the way that's Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Lichtenstein and Luxembourg.
So one of the highlights was certainly the international convention held in July in Frankfurt.
This convention hosted about 35,000 brothers and sisters, included 3,000 delegates from
all over the world, perhaps even some of you.
In total more than 230,000 attendees enjoyed the program at various locations in the whole
branch territory at the same weekend, and almost 1,500 got peptized at that special weekend.
Local brothers as well as many delegates had wonderful experiences.
There is, for example, the Indian cap driver in Frankfurt, yes, in Frankfurt.
He took a group of delegates from Australia and from Slovakia and his taxi and they got into
a friendly conversation. And as he recognized their batches, they had the opportunity to
give a brief witness and they had the chance to explain how the convention was all about
and how the Bible had united people of all backgrounds to come together in peace.
As they reached their destination, the taxi driver refused to accept any money of them.
He insisted not to charge them and said, this morning I took some of your people to the convention
and I didn't charge them and I don't want to charge you. You people are doing a holy work
and for this reason I won't charge you. At least they could give him something far more
worthy than money they gave him a tract. And Jehovah knows what effect this will have on him.
Another very encouraging but somewhat bizarre situation to place in a hotel in Frankfurt.
A couple who visited as delegates from the US, rehearsed their German field service presentation
in the lobby of the hotel just before going out to preach with the local brothers.
Interestingly, they attracted the attention of the hotel manager who asked what they were doing.
So they explained him what they are doing. Surprisingly, the manager offered to serve himself
as a sort of crash test dummy so that they could try their presentation on him.
The couple accepted the offer and tried their German field service presentation on the manager.
To the joy of our couple, he took time to coach them still with some fine tuning on their
German grammar and pronunciation. And as the couple thought everything was said and done,
the manager asked, don't you normally offer some magazines? And the couple said yes.
And then the manager said, and why don't you offer them to me? I would love to take them.
You can imagine how surprised the couple wasn't, of course, the manager got his magazines.
As you can see, that convention had really a great impact, not only on the brotherhood,
but as well on the outsiders. Besides that convention highlight, there is another very
encouraging development in our branch territory. It's the continuous increase of regular pioneers
in the last years. Just a few facts. In 2004, we had about 7,400 regular pioneers.
And this number increased to 11,500 until now. Today, it already 870 regular,
by new regular pioneers have been appointed for the 2015 service year only in Germany.
And 1554 in our whole branch territory. Among them, there are many couples. And it is very
encouraging to see how more and more publishers in our quite wealthy country set the kingdom on
first place in their lives. We also see a lot of growth in the foreign language territory.
Currently, of the about 210,000 publishers in our branch territory, almost 50,000
work in the foreign language field. During the 2014 service year, 1717 foreign
language congregations were formed, plus 63 groups, plus 54 pregroups. And an amazing number
of 1216 got baptized at foreign language assemblies and conventions in the last service year
in language fields such as Romanian, Bulgarian, Persian, Tigrinia, Turkish, Chinese, and many others.
We are convinced that these developments are another evidence that God's kingdom rules.
And this motivates us all to do our very best to be fellow workers of Jehovah.